there's a lot of good people in the
world I would have never guessed how
many nice people are out there because
you know we're taught that were that we
live in a world that's like you know you
can't trust anyone and all that stuff
but I mean people have been really good
awarded you to describe my life hmm
unpredictable day by day everything in
my life is kind of day by day I met my
moment just the fact that my body is
shutting down and there's nothing that I
can do to stop it because I never know
what I'm gonna have a good day or what
I'm gonna have a bad day or what my legs
you'll be working and when they're not
excited like being in the wheelchair it
kind of makes you feel helpless and it
it just frustrates me that my legs
aren't working and I mean I had mom
bring him with Pedaler like a desk
Pedaler thing because I didn't want to
lose muscle but losing muscle anyway cuz
it's just it's just gonna happen I mean
I believe God has the last say but
that's what's been happening
I asked him for a cure for cancer and
that nobody else has to go through this
in the day and that my family will be
fine when and if I'm gone I usually play
for my family because they're who I
worry about what do I want everyone to
know about me that I never give up even
though i have my low moments when I feel
like giving up you know its moments when
it's just like please just is it over
you know and but I just keep fighting
into my family that keeps me up and
moving in those moments I don't know I
don't want to be considered like one and
if I do pass I don't want people to say
I lost
where I gave up I just don't want people
to say that I lost they won't think
about it but this yes you lost a DIPG
don't like that I wanna she kicked the
IP geez but raised a lot of money for
research I just want to be known to have
like a big impact